Supported languages for Fast, High-Res, and VLM partitioning (#556)
Unstructured-IO/docs: ui/partitioning.mdx

<PlatformPartitioningStrategies />

## Supported languages

> **Fast** and **High Res** use Tesseract OCR. For the list of languages that Tesseract supports, see 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fast** partitioning accepts any text inputs, though automatic language detection of those inputs is restricted to [langdetect](https://pypi.org/project/langdetect/)

**High Res** partitioning leverages Tesseract OCR. For the list of languages that Tesseract supports, see:
```

<PlatformPartitioningStrategies />

## Supported languages

> **Fast** partitioning accepts any text inputs, though automatic language detection of those inputs is restricted to [langdetect](https://pypi.org/project/langdetect/)

Author: ```suggestion
**Fast** partitioning accepts any text inputs, though automatic language detection of those inputs is restricted to [langdetect](https://pypi.org/project/langdetect/).
```
